hello you're looking at a two thousand
best tracker pro team 175 so moving on
boat it's in good shape the main problem
with the boat is cosmetics upholstery
the upholstery on these three seats is
bad and no big deal to recover they come
out easy or you I guess you could put a
cover a rip but i would i would recover
them these two seats stowaway and i'm
sure that's why they're in better shape
also in that bag is a complete cover
that goes over the whole boat it is a
2000 17-footer it has a mercury 50 on it
now it says tracker but tracker was a
made by mercury in two thousand so it's
the same motor as a mercury 50 some
people didn't like tracker in the early
days because they were evinrude but this
one is a mercury tracker and you can see
it's the same motor as a mercury got a
trailer with it extra spare good tires
the halls in good shape now this is a
repossession that is a repossessed boat
now I know the mechanic that checks
these in and he leaves a piece of paper
on this and I want to show to you it
shows that did a compression tests on
all three cylinders and there are 125
all the same and they ran it for 10
minutes she got 10 minutes
he did tell me that the water flow was a
little nose so it may need a water pump
and the gas and the gas tank is bad but
this was a has a sticker one from 09 so
but he ran it and he ran it with his own
gas I'm not going to hook the gas up now
because I don't want to mess up the
carburetor it does turn over there when
I put my jump box on it just for a
second I'll show you so you can see it
turns over that's all I want to do is
not hook the water and I without fuel in
it going to need a battery the battery
is not charging the other battery will
hold a charge and it has a plug-in
charger here that plugged in the house
current that runs this motor see if it's
on now now so in these prior goes there
it goes anyway don't want to don't want
to dig up the prop and I don't want to
dig up the boat but anyway you can see
it work how's that for a live TV anyway
comes with a high preserver has I dwells
in it also now I was not able to test
those but they look fine so if you're
looking for a best tracker at a
reasonable price it's an all moving them
boat and ask forever topside is in good
shape no soft spots on one other thing
win this sure you hear that it also has
electric
tilt
and people always ask if the steering is
is bound up but so it turns do you there
so this is a nice rig it's ready to go
except for the upholstery sure could be
used just like it is drain the gas out
of it and put a battery in it drop it in
the water and it's ready to go trailers
in good shape for a longer run if you're
from far away we recommend if you want
to get it shipped using uship.com it's a
letter U n sh IP com lot of times you
can get somebody going your way empty
that will tow something like this or put
it up on a roll back for a reasonable
price we are selling it no reserve which
means the top bidder will own it so
please do not bid unless you have your
money in hand and ready to go you don't
have to pick it up right away you have
about 30 days for that but it does have
to have a deposit within 24 hours and
the balance paid for within 7 days I
have a clear title for the trailer and a
clear title for the boat so again it's
it's ready to go no reserve it's going
to get sold and it will be a great by
the end of the season we're selling it
anyway so by this bass tracker